Test Case Title: Error Handling During Data Retrieval Failures for Client and Issue Listing APIs
------------------------------------------------------------

{
    "scenario_id": "PERF-SCENARIO-004",
    "test_scenario": "Error Handling During Data Retrieval Failures for Client and Issue Listing APIs",
    "objective": "Validate that the system reliably displays an error message to users when data retrieval fails, and that the error rate does not exceed the specified SLA threshold.",
    "description": "This scenario is designed to test the reliability of the RAS Audit Management Tool (AMT) API in handling data retrieval failures, ensuring that users are properly informed via error messages and that the error rate remains within the SLA requirement of \u2264 0.1%. The test will focus on the following endpoints: GET /clients (List Clients) and GET /issues (List Issues), as these are representative of data retrieval operations relevant to HR users. The test execution steps are as follows: 1) Prepare the test environment by ensuring access to the production-like API server at https://api.amt.pwc.com/v1 and configuring monitoring tools to capture error rates and API responses. 2) Simulate multiple concurrent users (representative HR users) performing data retrieval operations by sending GET requests to /clients and /issues endpoints. 3) Introduce controlled failure conditions, such as requesting data with invalid parameters or simulating backend unavailability, to trigger data retrieval errors. 4) For each failed data retrieval attempt, verify that the API response includes an appropriate error message as per the acceptance criteria: 'If data retrieval fails, an error message is displayed.' 5) Monitor and record the error rate across all test iterations, ensuring that the total error rate does not exceed the SLA threshold of \u2264 0.1%. 6) Validate that successful requests return the expected data and failed requests consistently return error messages, without silent failures or ambiguous responses. 7) Throughout the test, monitor system resource utilization (CPU, memory) and ensure that the infrastructure remains stable under representative user load. 8) The test will be executed in phases: initial baseline with normal operations, followed by peak load conditions with induced failures, and finally a recovery phase to ensure error handling remains consistent. Success criteria for this scenario are: (a) All data retrieval failures result in clear error messages displayed to the user, (b) The error rate across all operations remains \u2264 0.1% as per SLA requirements, and (c) No unexpected resource spikes or system instability occur during the test. No specific response time or throughput targets are specified in the NFR, so the focus remains on error handling reliability and error rate monitoring. All monitoring and validation will be performed using standard API response logging and error rate calculation tools. No additional business context or testing requirements are specified in the NFR document.",
    "nfr_classification": "RELIABILITY"
}
