Test Case Title: Registration Input Validation and Error Handling Under Concurrent Load
------------------------------------------------------------

{
    "scenario_id": "PERF-SCENARIO-001",
    "test_scenario": "Registration Input Validation and Error Handling Under Concurrent Load",
    "objective": "Validate the reliability of the registration process by ensuring all input fields are correctly validated, errors are provided for duplicate or invalid submissions, and that the system maintains an error rate at or below the specified threshold during concurrent user interactions.",
    "description": "This test scenario focuses on performance validation of the registration input validation and error handling feature as described in NFR-004. The test begins with data preparation by creating sets of valid inputs for registration, as well as deliberately formed duplicate and invalid submissions to simulate common user error conditions. Multiple concurrent users will be simulated, each submitting registration requests with a mix of unique, duplicate, and invalid data. The test execution steps include: 1) Simulating concurrent registration requests with a representative mix of valid, duplicate, and invalid input data; 2) Monitoring for system responses to each request, specifically validating that descriptive error messages are returned for duplicates and invalid submissions as per the acceptance criteria; 3) Tracking the overall error rate throughout the test to ensure it remains at or below the specified SLA threshold of \u22640.1%. The load pattern is designed around a sustained representative user load, without specifying count, simulating realistic conditions for multiple users submitting registration requests simultaneously. While no specific API endpoint or response time SLA is provided in the input, all relevant parts of the registration process documented in the NFR content will be tested. Infrastructure and environment setup procedures should ensure the registration system is configured identically to production. Monitoring requirements include continuous tracking of registration error rates, the correctness of error handling, and confirmation that valid submissions are processed successfully without false rejection. The success criteria are: 1) All duplicate and invalid submissions consistently trigger descriptive error responses; 2) Valid submissions are accepted without error; 3) System-wide error rate for registration requests does not exceed the SLA of \u22640.1% during test execution. Resource utilization monitoring (CPU/Memory) is not explicitly required in the NFR, nor are throughput or response time targets. Any test data used must match the formats described in the NFR for unique, duplicate, and invalid entries. Failure is defined as any case where error responses are not triggered as described, valid data is rejected, or the system-wide error rate exceeds 0.1%.",
    "nfr_classification": "RELIABILITY"
}
