Test Case Title: Audit Management Tool Availability and Error Rate Validation under Concurrent Access
------------------------------------------------------------

{
    "scenario_id": "PERF-SCENARIO-001",
    "test_scenario": "Audit Management Tool Availability and Error Rate Validation under Concurrent Access",
    "objective": "To validate that the PwC Audit Management Tool maintains the required system availability and error rate thresholds under representative concurrent user activity, as specified by the NFR for availability.",
    "description": "This scenario is designed to comprehensively validate the availability and reliability of the PwC Audit Management Tool in accordance with the stated NFR. The test will simulate multiple concurrent users performing typical audit management activities to ensure that the system remains available and the error rate does not exceed the defined threshold. Test execution steps include: 1) Environment setup according to the standard production-like configuration as referenced in the business requirement document. 2) Preparation of test data representing typical audit management activities, ensuring that the data set is sufficient to support sustained concurrent access. 3) Execution of a load test where multiple users access the system concurrently, simulating real-world usage patterns. The test will be structured to represent normal and peak usage conditions, with users performing a range of audit management operations as supported by the tool. 4) Throughout the test, continuous monitoring of system availability will be performed, with system uptime tracked to verify that the tool remains accessible to users. 5) All error responses will be logged and analyzed to ensure that the error rate does not exceed 0.1% as specified in the NFR. 6) The test will run for a duration sufficient to capture representative system behavior and validate sustained availability. 7) Success criteria are defined as follows: the system must maintain an availability of at least 99.9% during the test period, and the overall error rate (measured as the percentage of failed requests out of total requests) must not exceed 0.1%. 8) Failure to meet either the availability or error rate threshold will result in a failed test. 9) All monitoring and validation will be performed using standard system monitoring tools and error logging mechanisms as available in the test environment. No specific API endpoints are referenced due to the absence of an API specification; the scenario applies to the overall system availability as described in the NFR. No specific response time, throughput, or resource utilization targets are included, as these are not specified in the NFR content. The test does not require any special configuration beyond standard environment setup and monitoring. All scenario attributes, including load pattern, monitoring, and success criteria, are derived strictly from the NFR content without introducing any new or assumed values.",
    "nfr_classification": "AVAILABILITY"
}
