Test Case Title: Scalability Validation for Modular System under Concurrent User Load
------------------------------------------------------------

{
    "scenario_id": "PERF-SCENARIO-001",
    "test_scenario": "Scalability Validation for Modular System under Concurrent User Load",
    "objective": "To validate that the modular system can scale to support the addition of new modules and functionalities while maintaining performance targets for concurrent users, throughput, and resource utilization as specified in the NFR.",
    "description": "This scenario is designed to assess the scalability of the modular system, which includes AMT Modules, RAS AMT Modules, and the Project Administration & Set-up Module, as referenced in the NFR documentation. The test will simulate a load of at least 100 concurrent users interacting with the system, reflecting the industry-standard requirement for scalable modular enterprise systems. The test execution steps are as follows: 1) Prepare the test environment to include all referenced modules (AMT, RAS AMT, Project Administration & Set-up Module) as per the documented system configuration. 2) Provision test data to support at least 100 concurrent user sessions, ensuring each user performs typical transactions representative of real-world usage across all available modules. 3) Initiate a load test using a ramp-up phase to reach 100 concurrent users, then sustain this load for a defined steady-state period to observe system behavior under continuous stress. 4) During the test, monitor throughput to ensure the system processes at least 1000 transactions per hour, as specified in the NFR. 5) Continuously monitor resource utilization (CPU and memory) across all system components, ensuring average usage does not exceed 70% during the test duration. 6) Validate that all modules remain responsive and functional throughout the test, with no failures or degradation in service. Success criteria for this scenario are: a) The system supports \u2265 100 concurrent users without performance degradation, b) Throughput remains at or above 1000 transactions per hour, c) Average CPU and memory utilization does not exceed 70% on any system component, d) No modules experience failures or become unresponsive during the test. Monitoring requirements include real-time tracking of user sessions, transaction rates, and system resource metrics using standard performance monitoring tools. No specific API endpoints are referenced due to the absence of an API specification; testing should be conducted at the system or module interface level as per available documentation. The environment must mirror production-like conditions, with all referenced modules deployed and operational. No additional configuration or data preparation steps are specified beyond those required to simulate the documented user and transaction volumes.",
    "nfr_classification": "SCALABILITY"
}
