Test Case Title: Audit Management Tool Availability and Error Rate Validation under Concurrent Access
------------------------------------------------------------

{
    "scenario_id": "PERF-SCENARIO-001",
    "test_scenario": "Audit Management Tool Availability and Error Rate Validation under Concurrent Access",
    "objective": "To validate that the Audit Management Tool meets the specified availability and error rate requirements under representative concurrent user access, ensuring reliable execution of audit management processes as per the NFR.",
    "description": "This scenario is designed to validate the availability and error rate requirements for the PwC Audit Management Tool as specified in NFR-001. The test will simulate multiple concurrent users accessing the system to perform typical audit management operations, reflecting real-world business use. The test will run over a sustained period to observe system behavior and ensure that the tool remains available and stable. Since no specific API endpoints or user counts are provided in the NFR or API specification, the scenario will focus on general system-level availability validation rather than endpoint-specific performance. The test execution steps include: 1) Preparing the test environment to mirror production-like conditions, ensuring all required services for the Audit Management Tool are operational. 2) Simulating representative concurrent user access patterns, where multiple users attempt to access and interact with the tool simultaneously. 3) Continuously monitoring system availability throughout the test duration, ensuring that the tool remains accessible and operational. 4) Tracking error rates during all user interactions, verifying that the overall system error rate does not exceed the NFR-specified threshold of 0.01%. 5) Validating that the system maintains an availability level of at least 99.9% during the test period, as per the SLA requirement. 6) Monitoring system health and stability, including service uptime and user session continuity, using standard monitoring tools and approaches as available in the test environment. 7) Documenting any system outages, access failures, or error spikes observed during the test. Success criteria for this scenario are: the Audit Management Tool must maintain at least 99.9% availability throughout the test, and the overall error rate must not exceed 0.01%. Any deviation from these thresholds will be considered a failure. No specific response time, throughput, or resource utilization targets are defined in the NFR, so these will not be measured or enforced. No explicit data preparation or special configuration is required beyond ensuring the system is in a production-like state. This scenario does not target specific API endpoints due to the absence of an API specification; instead, it validates system-level availability and error handling under concurrent access conditions.",
    "nfr_classification": "AVAILABILITY"
}
