Test Case Title: Automatic Notification Trigger Performance and Reliability Validation for Missed Deadlines
------------------------------------------------------------

{
    "scenario_id": "PERF-SCENARIO-001",
    "test_scenario": "Automatic Notification Trigger Performance and Reliability Validation for Missed Deadlines",
    "objective": "To validate that the system reliably triggers automatic notifications to the responsible user's superior when a deadline is missed, meeting the specified response time and error rate requirements.",
    "description": "This scenario is designed to comprehensively test the reliability and performance of the automatic notification trigger mechanism when a deadline is missed, as described in the NFR. The test will simulate multiple concurrent users or workflow processes where deadlines are intentionally missed to ensure that the notification system responds as required. The test execution steps are as follows: 1) Prepare test data by creating workflow items with deadlines set to expire during the test window. 2) Initiate the workflow processes and allow deadlines to lapse, thereby triggering the automatic notification mechanism. 3) Monitor the system to verify that, for each missed deadline, a notification is triggered and sent to the responsible user's superior. 4) Measure the time taken from the moment the deadline is missed to the point the notification is triggered and delivered, ensuring it occurs within the specified response time of 'within 1 minute' as per the NFR SLA. 5) Track all notification trigger attempts and record any failures or errors, ensuring the error rate remains below the threshold of 0.1% as specified. The load pattern will involve simulating multiple concurrent missed deadlines to represent a typical or peak operational scenario, without specifying exact user counts, as these are not provided in the NFR. The test will be executed in a controlled performance testing environment representative of production, with all necessary workflow and notification configurations in place. Monitoring will include tracking notification trigger events, response times, and error logs to validate reliability. Success criteria are: all notifications must be triggered within 1 minute of the missed deadline event, and the overall error rate for notification triggers must remain below 0.1%. Any deviation from these criteria will be considered a failure. No specific API endpoints are referenced due to the absence of an API specification in the input. No additional resource utilization or throughput requirements are included, as these are not specified in the NFR. No assumptions will be made regarding infrastructure, data volumes, or monitoring tools beyond those described above.",
    "nfr_classification": "RELIABILITY"
}
