Test Case Title: Backend API Call Volume Consistency During Welcome Heading Update on Dashboard Load
------------------------------------------------------------

{
    "scenario_id": "PERF-SCENARIO-001",
    "test_scenario": "Backend API Call Volume Consistency During Welcome Heading Update on Dashboard Load",
    "objective": "Validate that the welcome heading update across dashboards does not cause an increase in backend API call volume, ensuring system performance and backend resource utilization remain unaffected.",
    "description": "This scenario is designed to rigorously verify that the implementation of the welcome heading update on dashboards does not lead to an increase in backend API call volume, as mandated by the NFR. The test shall be performed by first establishing a baseline measurement of backend API calls during the loading of the dashboard and display of the welcome heading prior to the change. Next, the same measurement will be conducted after the welcome heading update is deployed. Test execution involves simulating representative user load by initiating dashboard load actions concurrently, ensuring that the interaction accurately reflects how the welcome heading triggers backend API requests. Specific steps are: 1) Collect and document the total number of backend API calls triggered during dashboard load and welcome heading rendering in both pre-change and post-change states. 2) Employ the same representative load pattern (as suggested by the NFR, at \u2265 100 requests/sec, consistent with industry-standard throughput) for each environment to maintain a fair comparison. 3) Use performance monitoring tools to track API endpoints invoked by dashboard load requests, monitoring for both the volume and type of calls made to backend services. 4) Record response times for each API call, ensuring that the average and tail latencies (specifically, the average response time is \u2264 2 seconds as per the stated SLA for dashboard loading) are not adversely affected by the UI change. 5) Monitor error rates (with a target of <1% error rate as per NFR), ensuring there is no spike or regression in API failures. 6) Measure backend resource utilization during the tests (with CPU usage not exceeding the 70% threshold as specified). 7) Ensure that the profiles, dashboard header, and sub-text components do not exhibit any visible regression or additional API interaction, as per acceptance criteria. Success is defined by: i) No increase in backend API call volume (the total number of backend calls post-change must be equal to or fewer than pre-change, as directly validated through backend logs or monitoring), ii) No degradation of dashboard response times with average API response not exceeding 2 seconds, iii) Sustained throughput at or above 100 requests per second during the test period, iv) API error rate consistently remains below 1%, and v) CPU utilization on backend servers does not exceed 70% during test execution. Monitoring is achieved using log analytics and APM tools to capture all backend API requests, response times, error rates, and CPU metrics. This test must be performed in a staging environment configured to accurately represent production conditions, and care must be taken to reset test data state between baseline and post-change tests. Any deviation from expected API call volume, SLA response times, throughput, error rates, or CPU thresholds constitutes a test failure.",
    "nfr_classification": "PERFORMANCE"
}
